Parse the command-line arguments. You will need to extract the values of file1, cmd1, cmd2, cmd3, ... cmdn, and file2 from the arguments passed to the pipex program.
You should also check if the first argument is here_doc and, if it is, extract the LIMITER string as the second argument.

If the first argument is here_doc, read from the standard input until you encounter the LIMITER string.
You can use the getline function to read a line at a time and check if it matches the LIMITER string.

Create a temporary file to hold the input read from the standard input. You can use the tmpfile function to create a temporary file.

If the first argument is not here_doc, open file1 for reading.

Open file2 for writing.

Create a pipe using the pipe function. This will allow you to communicate between the two processes that you will create using the fork function.

Create the first child process using the fork function. In the child process, you will need to:

Close the read end of the pipe (since the child will be writing to the pipe).
If the first argument is here_doc, redirect the standard input of the child process to the temporary file using the dup2 function.
If the first argument is not here_doc, redirect the standard input of the child process to file1 using the dup2 function.
Execute cmd1 using the execve function.
In the parent process, create the second child process using the fork function. In the second child process, you will need to:
Close the write end of the pipe (since the child will be reading from the pipe).
Redirect the standard output of the child process to file2 using the dup2 function.
Execute cmd2 using the execve function.
If there are more commands (cmd3, cmd4, ... cmdn), repeat steps 7 and 8 for each additional command, using a new pipe for each command.

In the parent process, wait for the last child process to complete using the waitpid function.

Close the pipe file descriptors and the file descriptors for file1, the temporary file, and file2.

If the first argument is here_doc, delete the temporary file.

Return from the main function.